PyWB Cheatsheet reviewed and corrected (#172)
ansys/pyworkbench: doc/source/cheatsheet/cheatsheet.qmd

> ## Local connection to a Workbench Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect to a local Workbench server
```
I'd recommend all titles start with a simple verb.

Author: Done

> Execute the steps below to link PyWorkbench with a local session:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform these steps to link PyWorkbench with a local session:
```
Google dev style guide says to avoid use of page location descriptors (like above and below) in content.

Author: Thanks!

> - Initiate Ansys Workbench
> - Input StartServer() in the Workbench Command Window
> - Utilize the given port number to link PyWorkbench with the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Initiate Ansys Workbench.
- Enter the``StartServer()`` method in the Workbench command window.
- Use the given port number to link PyWorkbench with the server.
```
I don't see code for doing the preceding points.  Is this intentional?

Author: Yes, code is not required here.

```{python}
from ansys.workbench.core import launch_workbench
wb = launch_workbench()
```

> ## Remote connection to a Workbench Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect to a remote Workbench server
```

> Execute the steps below to link PyWorkbench with a local session:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform these steps to link PyWorkbench with a remote session:
```
Shouldn't this be "with a remote session"?

Author: Done. Thanks!

- `run_script_string()`: Executes a script included within a string
- `run_script_file()`: Executes a script file in the client's working directory

> ### Using `run_script_string()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use the ``run_script_string()`` method:
```

Author: Done. Thanks!

> ### Use the `run_script_string()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use the ``run_script_string()`` method:
```
Double backticks to format as code entity in generated doc.

import os.path
work_dir = GetServerWorkingDirectory()
arg_ProjectArchive = os.path.join(work_dir, "MatDesigner.wbpz")
Unarchive(ArchivePath=arg_ProjectArchive,
    ProjectPath=GetAbsoluteUserPathName(work_dir + "wbpj\\MatDesigner.wbpj"),
    Overwrite=True)
    """
wb.run_script_string(wbjn_template)
```

> ### Using `run_script_file()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use the ``run_script_file()`` method:
```

Author: Done. Thanks!

```{python}
wb.run_script_file("project_workflow.wbjn")
```

> ### Global variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Assign output to global variable:
```
Use same structure of starting with a simple verb for all heading levels.

> Assign necessary output from these methods to the global variable **wb_script_result** as a JSON string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign necessary output from these methods to the global variable ``wb_script_result`` as a JSON string.
```
Use code entity tag and not bold for a variable name.

Author: Done. Thanks!

import os.path
work_dir = GetServerWorkingDirectory()
arg_ProjectArchive = os.path.join(work_dir, "MatDesigner.wbpz")
Unarchive(ArchivePath=arg_ProjectArchive,
    ProjectPath=GetAbsoluteUserPathName(work_dir + "wbpj\\MatDesigner.wbpj"),
    Overwrite=True)
    """
wb.run_script_string(wbjn_template)
```

> ### Use the `run_script_file()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use the ``run_script_file()`` method:
```

```{python}
wb.run_script_file("project_workflow.wbjn")
```

### Assign output to global variable:
Assign necessary output from these methods to the global variable ``wb_script_result`` as a JSON string.
This script returns all message summaries from the Workbench session:

```{python}
import json
messages = [m.Summary for m in GetMessages()]
wb_script_result = json.dumps(messages)
```

> While executing, the following script displays ``info``, ``warning``, and ``error`` levels in the logger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While executing, the following script displays ``info``, ``warning``, and ``error`` levels in the logger.
```

```{python}
wb.run_script_file("project_workflow.wbjn", log_level="info")
```

# Upload and download files

Use the ``upload_file()`` and ``download_file()`` methods to transfer data files to and from the server.

> Use the ``GetServerWorkingDirectory()`` query in server side scripts to obtain the server's operating directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ``GetServerWorkingDirectory()`` query in server-side scripts to obtain the server's operating directory.
```
server-side is hyphenated as it is used as a compound adjective.

> This script uploads all PRT and AGDB files in the working directory, from the client to the server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script uploads all PRT and AGDB files in the working directory from the client to the server:
```

```{python}
wb.upload_file("model?.prt", "*.agdb")
```

> This server side script loads a geometry file into a new Workbench system from the server's directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This server-side script loads a geometry file into a new Workbench system from the server's directory:
```

# Upload and download files

> Employ **upload_file()** and **download_file()** methods to transfer data files to and from the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ``upload_file()`` and ``download_file()`` methods to transfer data files to and from the server.
```
Keep the verbs simple and use code entity tags.

Author: Done. Thanks!

> Use `GetServerWorkingDirectory()` query in server-side scripts to obtain the server's operating directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ``GetServerWorkingDirectory()`` query in server-side scripts to obtain the server's operating directory.
```

Author: Done. Thanks!

> This script uploads all *.prt and *.agdb files in the working directory, along with a file from another directory, from client to server:

Author: modified to avoid the disruptions. Thanks!

)
```

> This server side script transfers a Mechanical solver output file to the server's directory from Workbench:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This server-side script transfers a Mechanical solver output file to the server's directory from Workbench:
```

wb.download_file("*.out")
```

> With *{download_project_archive()}* function, save, archive, and download the current Workbench project from server to client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ``{download_project_archive()}`` function to save, archive, and download the current Workbench project from the server to the client:
```

Author: Done. Thanks!

> ## PyMechanical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Link PyMechanical
```

Author: Link and operate title will more appropriate. Thanks!

In a Workbench project, you can operate and link the PyMechanical service from the same client machine.

> This script creates a mechanical system server-side, then starts the PyMechanical service and client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script creates a Mechanical system server-side and then starts the PyMechanical service and client:
```

Author: Corrected. Thanks!
